Client Background

Home Our Success Stories Grafana Dashboard Development Client Background Client: A leading IT & Tech firm in United States Industry Type: IT & Services Products & Services: Data Analysis & Monitoring System Organization Size: 100+ The Problem Looking for a Grafana expert to set up uptime and performance monitoring for ~20 SaaS services (Shopify, NetSuite, AWS, Zoom, etc.) using Grafana Cloud. Which  include dashboard setup, alerting (Slack/email), and documentation. Our Solution To address the requirement, we build a comprehensive monitoring dashboard setup in Grafana Cloud, creating detailed uptime and performance dashboards for each individual SaaS service, along with a unified, consolidated dashboard for overall visibility. We also configured automated alerting via Slack channel, and documented each detail Deliverables Uptime monitoring Grafana Dashboard Performance Dashboard Consolidated Dashboard Alerts and probes checks Documentation Tech Stack Tools used Grafana Language/techniques used LogQL, Visualization, Data Analytics Models used No Models Used Skills used LogQL, Data analysis Databases used No Databases used Web Cloud Servers used No Web Cloud Servers used What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution One of the primary technical challenges involved handling logs and data generated by various data sources. Each data source contained multiple jobs and instance classes, all producing data in different formats. How the Technical Challenges were Solved We solved the technical challenge by using LogQL with regex to filter and extract useful information from the data. This allowed us to apply conditions and thresholds, making it possible to assign values correctly and use color-coding in the dashboard. Business Impact These monitoring dashboard setup gives the team real-time visibility into the uptime and performance of all SaaS services, helping them quickly detect and respond to issues. This reduces downtime, improves service reliability, and the consolidated dashboard gives clear observability of each action. It also ensures faster decision-making and smoother operations across the organization. Project Snapshots Project Video https://www.loom.com/share/2186628d47be40ab84911649518aeb10?sid=09a68631-639a-4984-a79d-53945bf823e9 https://www.loom.com/share/c73bbee09e964feba25fe8df70f23fc6 RELATED ARTICLES MORE FROM AUTHOR Hybrid AI-Powered Product Search & Recommendation System with Conversational Interface SEO & Traffic Analytics Dashboard for WeAreAMS Automated Parsing and Trip Matching for Toll Statements using AWS Serverless Infrastructure Automated ProRankTracker to HubSpot Integration with Real-Time Rank Tracking Dropbox automation Document AI – Generate New Sheet for Missing value Automated Named Entity Recognition (NER) Tool using BERT MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS Enhancing Front-End Features and Functionality for Improved User Experience and Dashboard... August 26, 2024 Insurance Power BI Dashboard February 9, 2026 AI and NLP-based Solutions to Automate Data Discovery for Venture Capital... July 26, 2023 Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on entertainment industries such as theaters. June 23, 2020 Load more RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS Why does your business need a chatbot? Comprehensive Customer Attribution and Behavior Journey Platform Lessons from the past: Some key learnings relevant to the coronavirus... Grafana Dashboard: Transforming Data into Actionable Insights