Home Our Services PDF Chatbot using N8N Objective: Project using n8n integrated with Supabase that enables users to perform question-answering operations on Google Documents. It reads the data from a specified document file in Google Drive or whenever the document is edited. It processes the document content and converts it into vector embeddings. These vector embeddings are then stored in a Supabase database. When users ask questions through the n8n interface, the system retrieves relevant data from Supabase and utilizes an LLM model to generate accurate responses. Workflow: Data Storing Workflow Step 1: Used Google Drive node – Select file from Google Drive Step 2: Used Google Drive node – Download the file in Binary form Step 3: Store this data in Supabase vector store Used Default Data Loader node – It loads the binary data by splitting text Used Recursive Character Text Splitter node – It splits the large text into smaller, manageable chunks by preserving the semantic meaning. Used Embeddings Google Gemini node – It creates the embedding vectors for the chunks. Q/A interaction with LLM by users Workflow Step 1: Used chat trigger node Step 2: Connect with AI Agent Connect the AI Agent with Google Gemini Chat Model node – It takes prompt from the users. Connect the AI Agent with Tool Supabase Vector Store1 node – It retrieves the most relevant response from the database by creating the embeddings of user’s prompt. Connect Embeddings Google Gemini1 node – It generates vector embeddings for the user’s prompt and returns results by matching them with stored embeddings. RELATED ARTICLES MORE FROM AUTHOR Website Development & Management Proposal Building a Graph Based Chatbot with Langraph and Wikipedia Integration AI Workflow automation in Make.com ETL Data Pipeline with Apache Airflow n8n Supabase & Ollama Workflow Automation AI Chatbot with Cursor AI MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS Can You Be Great Leader Without Technical Expertise September 22, 2020 Efficient AWS Infrastructure Setup and Management: Addressing Security, Scalability, and Compliance March 16, 2024 Environmental Engineering AI Tools & AI Software March 24, 2025 Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure,... August 24, 2023 Load more RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS Are we any closer to preventing a nuclear holocaust? How Metaverse will change your life? INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION 4.0 – PROS AND CONS The Emergence of Data Analytics